The full documentations can be found in the Storybook page generated by this repository:
[https://eightsystems.github.io/design-system/](https://eightsystems.github.io/design-system/)

# Using as a library

1. To install the component library, run:

```bash
yarn add @8sistemas/design-system
```

2. Inject the `ThemeProvider` in the project root. By default, the `ThemeProvider` uses the default `Theme` object
   included in the package. If you wish, you can specify your custom theme to match the project's needs (see more about
   theming and customization [here]()).

```jsx
import React from "react";
import ReactDOM from "react-dom";
import App from "./App";
import { Theme, ThemeProvider } from "@8sistemas/design-system";

ReactDOM.render(
    <React.StrictMode>
        <ThemeProviderInjector theme={Theme}>
            <App />
        </ThemeProviderInjector>
    </React.StrictMode>,
    document.getElementById("root")
);
```

3. Import the fonts specified on the `fontFaces` object of the `Theme` in the way that makes the most sense for your
   project. These are the font imports for the default `Theme` object:

```html
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.googleapis.com" />
<link rel="preconnect" href="https://fonts.gstatic.com" crossorigin />
<link
    href="https://fonts.googleapis.com/css2?family=Inter:wght@400;500;600;700&family=Poppins:wght@400;500;600;700&display=swap"
    rel="stylesheet"
/>
```

4. Use the components in any place of the project that is in the scope of `ThemeProvider` and the project root. Use the
   Storybook generated documentation as reference for the components, props, and API's available.

```jsx
import React from "react";
import { Button } from "@8sistemas/design-system";

const Example = () => <Button color="primary">Hello World</Button>;
```

# Local Testing with Yalc

Local development and testing of authored packages can become problematic when using yarn/npm link due to constraints
and problems with dependency resolution and symlink interoperability between file systems.

Yalc tries to solve this problem by acting as a simple local repository for your locally developed packages. That way,
they behave like they would with a regular npm install / yarn add from the remote package repository, and we don't need
to deal with duplicate dependencies and symlink shenanigans.

## Usage

Install globally:

```bash
yarn global add yalc
```

Run:

```bash
yarn local:publish
```

Yalc will copy all the files that should be published in remote NPM registry and generate a log of the that would be
included in the published package.

Now, in the project that will consume the design system's components:

```bash
yalc add @8sistemas/design-system
```

To update during active development:

```bash
# Publish a new version to the yalc "store" from the design system directory:
yarn local:publish

# Uptade the package from the newly published version on the consumer project:
yalc update @8sistemas/design-system
```

## Managing installations:

-   Run `yalc installations clean @8sistemas/design-system` to unpublish a package published with `yalc publish`
-   Run `yalc installations show @8sistemas/design-system` to show all packages to which `@8sistemas/design-system` has
    been installed.
